consume publicly posted transfer commitments automatically (#778)
sapcc/limes: docs/users/api-spec-resources.md

  }
}
```
With the following request body, the endpoint can be used to withdraw a commitment from transfer.
```json
{
  "commitment": {
    "transfer_status": ""
  }
}
```

> This operation only works on commitments that are either a) set to `transfer_status=unlisted` or b) set to `transfer_status=public` _and_ the point of posting was less than 24h in the past _and_ the commitment was not transferred yet. 

Reviewer: I recall we removed this requirement because we could not remember why we had it in the first place. I can see no reference in the implementation to it.
```suggestion
This operation only works on commitments that were not transferred yet. 
```
